# QAP-4-Files-RH

# Assignment
The One  Stop  Insurance  Companyneeds  a  program  to  enter  and  calculate  new  insurance  policy information for its customers. Allow the program to repeat to allow the user to enter as many customers as they want.  Add at least 3 functions to the program.  I will accept the FormatValues library as a function option –but you need to add a new function to the library.Set  up  the  following  default  values  for the  next  policy  number,  the  basic  premium,  the  discount  for additional  cars,  the  cost  of  extra  liability  coverage,  the  cost  of  glass  coverage,  the  cost  for  loaner  car coverage, the HST rate, and the processing fee for monthly payments. The values are 1944, , 869.00, .25, 130.00, 86.00, 58.00, .15, and 39.99respectfully.The user will input the customer’sfirst and last name, address, city, province(validate using a list to make sure the province is valid), postal code,and phone number.  They will also enter the number of cars being insured,and  options  for  extra  liability  up  to  $1,000,000  (enter  Y  for  Yes  or  N  for  No),  optional  glass coverage (Y or N), and optional loaner car (Y or N).Finally enter a value to indicate if they want to pay in full or monthly (Fullor Monthlyor Down Pay–use a list to validate). If the enter Down Pay allow them to enter  the  amount  of  the  down  payment.   Finally  enter  the  date  and  cost  of  all  previous  claims  for  the customer –press Enter to finish.  Add at least 2-3 claims and store the values in lists.  Convert the first and last name, the city, and the payment Methodto title case and the Y/N values upper case.  No validations required –other than those specified -but go for it if you want.Be careful when testing -enter values that are valid for each input.Insurance  premiums  are  calculated  using  a  basic  rate  of  $869.00  for  the  first  automobile,  with  each additional automobile offered at a discount of 25%. If the user enters a Y for any of the options, the costs are $130.00 per car for extra liability, $86.00 per car for glass coverage, and $58.00 per car for the loaner car option. All these values are added together for the total extra costs. The total insurance premiumis the premium plus the total extra costs. HST is calculated at 15% on the total insurancepremium, and the total cost is the total insurance premium plus the HST. Customers canpay for their insurance in full or in 8  monthly  payments,  with  or  without  a  downpayment.  Calculate  the  monthly  payment  by  adding  a processing  fee  of $39.99  to  the  total costand  dividing  the  total cost  by 8.If  the  user  entered  a  down payment, determine the monthly payment based on the total price less the downpayment with the same processing feeover the same 8 months.  The invoice date is the current date,and the firstpayment date is the first day of the next month.Display  all  input  and  calculated values  to the screenin  a well-designed  receipt. At  the  end  include  the previous claims from the lists with the following format:

Claim #  Claim Date       Amount
---------------------------------
  1.     YYYY-MM-DD    $##,###.##
  2.     YYYY-MM-DD    $##,###.##
  3.     YYYY-MM-DD    $##,###.##